Implement support for repeatable fluent-bit options (#11)
projectsyn/component-fluentbit: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

[horizontal]
type:: dict

> The configuration for fluent-bit itself. Any fluent-bit options can be provided verbatim under the available sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration for fluent-bit itself. 
Any fluent-bit options can be provided verbatim under the available sections.
```

Configure fluent-bit parsers.
The component doesn't configure any custom parsers.
However, fluent-bit already provides a multitude of parsers in the docker image.

Those parsers are made available by default as key `Parsers_File` in the service section is set to `parsers.conf`.

> The parsers provided by that file be inspected on https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/configuring-fluent-bit/configuration-file#config_section[GitHub].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parsers provided by that file be inspected https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/configuring-fluent-bit/configuration-file#config_section[in the docs].
```
